Update organizationalbranding with contentCustomization property (#21248)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/organizationalbranding.md

| bannerLogo | Stream | A banner version of your company logo that appears on the sign-in page. The allowed types are PNG or JPEG not larger than 36 × 245 pixels. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo. Inherited from [organizationalBrandingProperties](organizationalbrandingproperties.md). |
| bannerLogoRelativeUrl | String | A relative URL for the **bannerLogo** property that is combined with a CDN base URL from the **cdnList** to provide the read-only version served by a CDN. Read-only. Inherited from [organizationalBrandingProperties](organizationalbrandingproperties.md). |
| cdnList | String collection | A list of base URLs for all available CDN providers that are serving the assets of the current resource. Several CDN providers are used at the same time for high availability of read requests. Read-only. Inherited from [organizationalBrandingProperties](organizationalbrandingproperties.md). |

> | contentCustomization | [contentCustomization](contentCustomization.md) | Represents the various content options to be customized throughout authentication for a tenant. <br/><br/>**NOTE:** Supported by 'Azure Active Directory for customers' tenants only. Inherited from [organizationalBrandingProperties](organizationalbrandingproperties.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| contentCustomization | [contentCustomization](contentcustomization.md) | Represents the various content options to be customized throughout the authentication flow for a tenant. <br/><br/>**NOTE:** Supported by Azure Active Directory for customers tenants only. Inherited from [organizationalBrandingProperties](organizationalbrandingproperties.md). |
```
